docs: improve structure (#676)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/index.rst

.. warning::
    Open-TYNDP is under active development and is not yet feature-complete. The current `development status <https://open-tyndp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html#development-status>`__ and the general `Limitations <https://open-tyndp.readthedocs.io/en/latest/limitations.html>`__ are important to understand before using the model.

> This repository introduces the open-source model of the Open-TYNDP research and innovation project, which is a collaboration between `Open Energy Transition (OET) <https://openenergytransition.org/>`__ and the European Network of Transmission System Operators for Electricity (ENTSO-E).

Reviewer: Is this version of the statement okay for ENTSOe?

Author: I think that should be fine, we talk about "innovation project" and not code development in collaboration with ENTSO-E

It seeks to complement the tools currently used in the TYNDP cycles, especially for Scenario Building (SB) and Cost-Benefit Analysis (CBA). This approach is designed to enhance transparency and lower barriers to stakeholder participation in European energy planning. Beyond Europe, the project aspires to demonstrate the viability of open-source (OS) frameworks in energy planning, encouraging broader global adoption.

To build trust in and ensure reproducibility with the new open-source toolchain, the project first focuses on replicating key figures from the 2024 TYNDP cycle. This process involves developing new features within the open-source domain to address existing gaps, integrating tools for data interoperability and dynamic visualizations, and publishing best practices to encourage the adoption of open energy models. Additionally, the project emphasizes stakeholder consultations and `interactive workshops <https://open-energy-transition.github.io/open-tyndp-workshops/intro.html>`__ alongside the development of the open-source tool, further promoting collaboration and transparency throughout the process.

> First results for the TYNDP 2024 NT scenario are presented `here <https://open-tyndp.openenergytransition.org/>`_, while preliminary results and outputs for every release can be found on `Zenodo <https://zenodo.org/records/19388086>`_.

Reviewer: This phrasing could be sensitive
```suggestion
First outcomes for the TYNDP 2024 NT scenario are presented `here <https://open-tyndp.openenergytransition.org/>`_, while preliminary outcomes and outputs for every release can be found on `Zenodo <https://zenodo.org/records/19388086>`_.
```

This repository is a soft-fork of `OET/PyPSA-Eur <https://github.com/open-energy-transition/pypsa-eur>`__ and contains the entire project `Open-TYNDP` supported by OET, including code and documentation. The philosophy behind this repository is that no intermediary results are included, but all results are computed from raw data and code.

> Beyond Europe, the project aspires to demonstrate the viability of open-source (OS) frameworks in energy planning, encouraging broader global adoption. To build trust and ensure reproducibility, the project focuses on replicating key figures from the 2024 TYNDP cycle before aligning with the current 2026 TYNDP cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond Europe, the project aspires to demonstrate the viability of open-source (OS) frameworks in energy planning, encouraging broader global adoption. To build trust and ensure reproducibility, the project focuses on replicating key figures from the 2024 TYNDP cycle before aligning with current and future TYNDP cycles.
```

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Background on PyPSA-Eur

   wildcards

>    configuration

Reviewer: Since this includes our added Open-TYNDP configuration options, I think we should either add this higher up or alternatively link to this section in the SB and CBA sections "for more comprehensive information on the configuration options".
